c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\bin\Debug\MPower3.exe.config
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\bin\Debug\MPower3.exe
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\bin\Debug\MPower3.pdb
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\obj\Debug\MPower3_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\obj\Debug\MPower3.g.resources
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\obj\Debug\MPower3.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\obj\Debug\MPower3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\obj\Debug\MPower3.exe
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\obj\Debug\MPower3.pdb
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.dll
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.pdb
c:\users\franc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.xml
C:\Users\franc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\bin\Debug\Ookii.Dialogs.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\franc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MPower3\MPower3\bin\Debug\Ookii.Dialogs.Wpf.xml
